README.md, before:

![Logo of the project](assets/images/MyPost.png)

# Work Day Scheduler

## Description

For this project I used Javascript, HTML, and CSS to create a multi question, multiple choice quiz.

Here are some key features:

1. Start button that initializes a countdown and then the quiz itself
2. A timer that will terminate the quiz if it reaches zero. The timer is also tracked for the final score.
3. Ten unique questions with four answers for the user to choose from.
4. When the user selects an answer the program will alert the user if it was correct or incorrect.
5. A final score that is a combination of the correct amount of answers (each is worth 3 points) and the time remaining.
6. A scoreboard that auto generates based on the amount of saved scores in local storage.
7. A scoreboard that orders the scores from highest to lowest.
7. A button that will clear all highscores.
8. A button that will restart the quiz.
9. A score tracker so the user can see their current score while taking the quiz.

## Installation

To view this website open up the index.html doc using your favorite web browser.

[Click here to access the Scheduler](https://pfvatterott.github.io/Work-Day-Scheduler/)

## Screenshot of Main Page

![Landing page screen shot](assets/images/startingpagescreenshot.png)

## Question Example

![Question Example](assets/images/questionexample.png)

## Scoreboard Example

![Scoreboard Example](assets/images/Scoreboard.png)

## Contributing

Please feel free to offer any recommendations and to contribute yourself by forking the repository. 

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Paul Vatterott

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updated text colors, README to be more descriptive, and changed html semantics

README.md, after:

![Logo of the project](assets/images/MyPost.png)

# Work Day Scheduler

## Description

For this project I used JQuery, HTML, and CSS to create a responsive and intuitive work day scheduler.

Here are some key features:

1. A date and time that auto updates each time the page is refreshed.
2. Nine timeblocks, each for an hour of the workday, where the user can input events.
3. For each timeblock a save button that only saves text inputs for that specific timeblock.
4. For each timeblock a clear button that only clears text inputs for that specific timeblock.
5. Timeblocks automatically change color depending on if they're in the past, present, or future.
6. A "Save All" button that saves text inputs for every timeblock.
7. A "Clear All" button that clears all text inputs for every timeblock.
8. Save buttons that save user text inputs into local storage.
9. Timeblocks auto-fill if local storage is available.

## Installation

To view this website open up the index.html doc using your favorite web browser.

[Click here to access the Scheduler](https://pfvatterott.github.io/Work-Day-Scheduler/)

## Screenshot of Main Page



## Contributing

Please feel free to offer any recommendations and to contribute yourself by forking the repository. 

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Paul Vatterott

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
